Improve authentication plugins verify function parameters documentation (#369)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/core/1/guides/kuzzle-depth/scalability/index.md

# Scalability

Kuzzle can scale horizontally, provided our [official Cluster Plugin](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-plugin-cluster) is installed.  

This guide covers Kuzzle Cluster features and how clustering capabilities can be added to Kuzzle.

---

## Kuzzle Cluster features

> Kuzzle uses a cluster in [masterless mode](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Shared-nothing_architecture) to ensure maximum resilience.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kuzzle uses a cluster in [masterless mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared-nothing_architecture) to ensure maximum resilience.  
```

Reviewer 2: Why ? Wikiwand is just a better version of wikipedia

Each node in the cluster handles part of the load of requests received by the application.  

### High Availability

> A Kuzzle cluster shares the processing of requests and this dispatching of real-time notifications.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Kuzzle cluster shares the processing of requests and the dispatching of real-time notifications.  
```
